Did you ever light up someone with that physical video of me?
When I was 19 from a TaeKwonDo tournament, making a guy fly through the air.
Yeah. Yeah. Jamie. Oh my God. Easy. Okay.
Now here it is right here.
Are you kidding me, man? That was,
that was perfect. And he just sailed through the air.
Like that's terrible. It's not good. God, you got to pick your knee up.
Nope. See, it's not bad, but you have an inherent flaw in your technique.
That probably was never, never explained to you.
This is what I do for 49 million. Ain't bad. It's pretty good.
It's not right. I wouldn't want to get hit by that. Don't throw the,
kick it to your knees up high. Lift your knee up way high.
Pass your waist and then throw the kick. Yes, me up first.
And then don't look over your stomach. Look over your shoulder.
Yeah, but knee first here. Hold on. I left right from here. Watch.
Oh son, Danielle, even,
even in the check Norris blush you lift your knee up
and then kick watch one, two. Okay. Ready?
I'm not mad at Joe's form at all. No, dude.
I'd love to see our actual TaeKwonDo match, shrink Callan and relevant.
That's better. I would just stare at their asses.
And then they had these little microphones. Right? So with, yeah,
I don't know about fast. There was like, it was five guys,
four or five guys and they start fighting on the guide and I knocked out
constantly because he would wake up. Right.
And everything went good and went good. And, but then I started realizing,
wait a minute, this, these guys are going to come back up all the time.
You know, this is going to come to an end.
They're going to get the hell out of here.
So just knocking them down. So you're hitting them. They're falling down,
everyone that's coming at. You you're knocking down.
But you're realizing you got to get out of.
I had to get out of there. They looked at me at L stepped back a wall.
They can see I'm visitors. Right. But behind me is the whole police force.
On its.
Side because there were windows. So they, uh, they throw me in jail.
And uh, because apparently one of those monitors was a cop and yeah.
And I knocked him out. Of course also, but he never told me that he was a guard,
but I was, I wouldn't have done that anyway. We're there. And this is also,
this is actually a funny story because before this all happened,
I'm talking to my wife and I'm already tanked. Right. And she says,
where are you laughing? Where you have so much fun. I said, honey, I'm drunk.
I'm having a lot of fun. She's no, your dad with two Swedish blonde girls. Huh?
I said, don't worry about it. You know me, if I'm drunk, you know,
I don't care about anything, especially not that I just want to have fun.
So after two days they allow me to get my first phone call and um,
I'm calling my wife and she's freaking out. I said, honey, you gotta be okay,
relax, relax. I say,
I got some good and some bad news for you want to hear first?
She's the good news. I said, I didn't to sweetest.
He says, the bad news is I'm in jail. You're going to hate me for this story.
Because every time, you know, just so funny, I think that's a hell of a story.
You got.
He looks at his reading role. She call her names and he goes,
come on, dude. Who the? Who the hell is this kid. Is this kid?
And uh, as me coach, he's like, that's your name?
He's like, I'm not saying that. Cause my whole full name is Kamari. Dean Kamara,
Dean Kamara, Dean. And he's like, I'm not going to say that. Like,
[inaudible], I'm going to call you Marty. So, you know, for him to bring it out
, I thought it was silly. But you know, these fans, fans wanna, they cause
Ben is a representative of the trolls. Like most of the trolls look like Ben
asker. If I could give you any advice, that's hilarious.
If you look at them from a skillset,
Ben's not even worth waking up before like 10:00 AM in the morning.
But I don't like this dude, man, before my alarm goes off, I'm already awake.
I want to break his face, man. I want to break his rib cage.
And I don't want to knock them out early on. I don't.
I just want to hurt towards you that guy, man,
if I get the chance to torture him 14 minutes and 50 seconds before I stop
him, that's what I'm going to do, man. You know, I just,
I don't like to dude at all met him a long time ago. He's a break, man.
I don't like him. There's not too many people that I genuinely dislike.
He's one of them.
Bread is in the building and these guys just flat.
How did that seem come to play where you were with Hicks and Gracie?
Oh, cause I, cause I was, I studied at Quito when I was in college. Um,
but because my interest in that for years when we went to Rio
Rio and I had been working on the script of that movie and stuff and I was like,
I was really interested in this idea that banner is
desperate for control, right? That he desperately,
desperately needs to control his heart rate, his breathing.
That it's a massive liability in his mind if he can't control his
emotions and his adrenaline. And I was like, well, who in the world?
And I had seen the videos of him. I'd never met him or any of them,
but I'd seen the videos of him doing the, um,
amazing stuff with his stomach and the breathing. And I was like,
and I just was like, we have to end. And everyone was like, who's that?
I was like, I was like, I was like Philistines, you're all Philistines.
I was like, and I was like, find me Hickson,
Gracie and ask him if he'll do a scene with me in the movie being the guy who's
training banner to like calm himself. And he was there and he did,
and he did it with us and it was like, I was like.
So that's S that's a very essential thing which sometimes sleep through people's
fingers and, and the priorities in the daily, you know, in the, the payments.
And I put you in a role where, uh, I feel like,
um, if you tell me in the past, what's the core edge,
what's the opposite of courage.
I want to say cowardness because either you tough enough to,
to challenge and to fight or to, or,
and then you will call her then you chicken out.
So that's in the past was like the, the, the, the opposite of, of,
of courage is very hard to measure this in those days.
And I believe the opposite of quarters should they is conformity, you know,
as people get conformed, oh, I don't like my wife the way I used to, like,
but I'm never going to divorce because I'm afraid to lose my house or the
situation is so established. So I going to keep, so I don't like this job,
but I'm going to keep here because better than his. So in, in, in other hands,
if you, if you get caught on that kind of compromise to, to maintain,
because you will, you afraid to risk,
that's keep you like one step behind from you. Follow your heart,
follow your ambition. You sure. 18 years old, you don't think twice.
And the guy said, Hey, let's go to Australia. You think, okay, let's go, boom.
But when you're 52 sales trial and what are they going to do there,
maybe I'm going to, so it's different, you know, and that's kind of,
yeah. So that's kind of pretty much where keep you from be at your
best, because if you willing to sacrifice,
if you willing to, to broke new, new challenges,
if you really chew you in stage of liveliness and,
and excitement and unpredictability, who make you feel like you in heaven?
Well, I write a, I write letters to everyone.
That's close to me before we fight. Really? Yeah.
And every time I come back alive in the fight, I burn them all. Wow.
So literally I'm training the three months that I'm training for a fight
I'm literally training not to die.
And if you knew there was a possibly you're going to die in this certain era,
most people would avoid it, but we have to do we,
I have to walk there and my own will and the stress level for me. I mean,
I wish I could just take it lighter and say, it's a sport. I mean,
every time I fought after I fought, win or lose, I always felt like.
And I still over I'm alive because I was willing to die in the fight. You know.
You know,
you were on death's door and recover from it and then put yourself back in
risk.
Yep. I mean, yeah. Saying it like that. It, it, it there's no,
there's no justifying that other than I was in this sport that,
that I really wanted to, to, to be in and stay in. And, uh,
and after the disease I wanted to go back to, and that was the,
that was the landscape. And so you viewed it, you thought, okay, um,
this is not ideal, but you asked the question,
what am I really, you know, having, knowing my health history, right.
With cancer, with all the,
all that I went through is going back to my sport and taking EPO a risk
to that, to that, you know, to my, to, to my disease or to my health.
Um, and I, and the answer to that, obviously my answer to myself was no.
Joe, without a shadow of a doubt,
none whatsoever. Death is not the end.
You don't think so. I know. I know too. How do you know? Cause I've been dead,
right? Yes. I've been dead. What about that experience?
Cemented it in your head? Um,
when I w like I said, it was the most peaceful,
um, and, and I don't feel like it was the most peace,
most restful most I was, I woke up laughing.
I was, yeah. Yeah. My house.
I was overjoyed. Yeah. You still think about it. Nah, see,
cause what happened to me was I woke up in the hospital and had emergency heart
surgery, like 98. So it was like, I was like, oh, I'm done smoking.
What happened was I went to bed was time. I'm real tired. I'm not feeling good.
Went to sleep and woke up in Cedars, like after surgery,
you know, it was my extreme fortune to live in a neighborhood, uh, that w the,
the, the closest hospital was Cedar Sinai. And that it was, it was, you know,
also my, uh, Irish luck that, uh,
the best heart surgeon in the world who Dr. William Trento wa who's chief
of heart surgery over there.
I think maybe even of all surgery saw my case and told somebody else that you
can't do that. I have to do that. And what I have in there now is a St.
Jude's heart valve. It's a titanium heart valve. Like I took like a watch, man,
when you want to hear, hold on, get real sensitive on this mug right here.
Oh my God. Holy.
Oh, wow. But then my brother says, this thing probably define my life.
My brother goes, uh, he died screaming and I go,
what, what? And he goes, he, he died screaming. And I was like, w I mean,
as is that a figure of speech? And he goes, no, he literally,
he died screaming and you could see, my brother was haunted by it.
And my father wasn't like, I wouldn't say he was a Butch man or strong man,
but he wasn't a soft man moneys judge in the imagination.
And I never heard him get real loud or anything like that.
And the notion of my father dying, screaming changed my life. Cause I was like,
even a good man in this world. He played a game. He played straight.
He played by the rules. You do everything you're supposed to,
you're gonna die screaming. And at that point I was like,
there's no point in not trying to accomplish every stupid
dream. I've got chase it all down.
Chasing whimsy is what I've been doing for the last few years.
But chase it all and do it all. Cause we're all gonna die screaming.